[12.0][ADD] ebill_paynet module (#499)
OCA/l10n-switzerland: ebill_paynet/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

## Create a service

To create a service you need to be registred with SIXT Paynet service. Then the configuration of the service can be done in `Accounting - Configuration - Payments - Paynet Service`

## Configure the customers

> A customer that wants to receives his invoices through Paynet will also need to register trhough the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer that wants to receive his invoices through Paynet will also need to register through the service.
```
